[Music]
what's up youtube this is glide to God
and I'm coming at you now with a video
to talk about this card shooting quasar
dragon definitely one of the most epic
big boss monster cards ever released and
you give as a lot of you guys we've been
watching my channel know this is one of
my favorite cards to actually summon out
in a duel to make combos with and just
an overall pretty epic beast of a
monster but recently really over the
last couple months or so once sole
charge was confirmed to be released here
in the TCG and a lot of people have been
posting up these crazy insane to card
combos on how to get quasar out
involving soul charge a soul all my
subscribers have been messaging me and
asking me questions like why can't
Konami reprint this card
why does shooting quasar dragon have to
cost so much money some of my
subscribers have even been coming up
with some pretty insane kind of
reasonings for why they think the price
has jumped up so high now one of the
ones I thought was kind of amusing that
I wanted to share with you today was
that they actually believe that there is
someone out there who could possibly be
buying up all the shooting quasar
dragons they can get their hands on but
one of the theories that they keep
coming up with is that they think
someone is actually out there collecting
shooting quasar dragons and just holding
on to them not reselling them not trying
to make a profit off of them but just
collecting them for the sake of having a
collection I find this theory to be
quite mad I mean who in their right mind
would actually just go out there and
collect shooting quasar dragons who is
obsessed with this card so much that
they just like owning the card whoever
it is at least in my opinion they must
have a pretty disturbed mine anyhow in
the comments section below let me know
what you think of shooting quasar dragon
and why you believe the card has gone up
in price so much and I guess that's
gonna do it for now
this is glad to god
[Music]
you